The project consist of 2 folders. One folder named 'Complete_Codes' 
contains the original anonymous block codes. These have to be run individually in 
the SQLPlus command line using the path.

The actual project is run using the files in the folder 'Project Codes'.
The anonymous blocks in this file have static values because we were unable to
implement it using user input values. Please read the file 'Project_Report.PDF' 
which contains details of the project.

Steps to run:
1) Open SQLPlus from C:\oraclexe\app\oracle\product\10.2.0\server\BIN

2) Enter username and password

3) Run the tables first using the entire path of the file \Project_Codes\BloodBankTable.sql
   
   For example: @C:\Users\Desktop\DDB\Project_Codes; 
   (You must give the ; or it will not run)
   
4) Then similarly Run the main.sql file.
   
5) You'll get 4 options. Each option can be selected only once using user input. 
There can be nested options. To change options inside an option you have to open the codes
and change them staticaly.
You have to continously run the main.sql file again and again in the cmd
to run all the 4 options given in the report which are Search, Delete, Update and Insert. 

In detail steps:

1) Say we entered the option 1 : SEARCH
   Then it runs the file searchFile.sql
   Inside the file there are 6 options which are staticaly given.
   To change the options from 1 to 6 we have to open the file then
   change ' opt := 1; ' at the first line to any other option that we want.
   Each option runs anonymous block which has a different task of searching. 
   
2) When the first option of SEARCH has been executed the program will stop.
   Now if we want to SEARCH using other options then we'll have to run the 
   main.sql file again and select the option 1 again. And change the ' opt := 1; '
   in the file searchFile.sql.
   
All the other options can be run like this. 

Sorry for such a static method. But we couldn't find any better way of doing the project
as it was for our lab course.
Once you successfully run the entire project, you'll get a clear idea of it.
The codes can be clearly understood if you see the complete codes and read the report.

   
